Add alt text for episodes 3-7 (#38)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: _episodes/06-photo.md

showing the stars we previously selected based on proper motion:

<img width="300"

> src="https://github.com/datacarpentry/astronomy-python/raw/gh-pages/fig/gd1-3.png" alt="Color-magnitude diagram for the stars selected based on proper motion, from Price-Whelan and Bonaca paper.">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
src="https://github.com/datacarpentry/astronomy-python/raw/gh-pages/fig/gd1-3.png" alt="Color-magnitude diagram for the stars selected based on proper motion, from Price-Whelan & Bonaca, 2018 paper showing that the putative the GD-1 stars cluster around single isochrone, shown in red.">
```

from the original paper:

<img width="300"

> src="https://github.com/datacarpentry/astronomy-python/raw/gh-pages/fig/gd1-3.png" alt="Color-magnitude diagram for the stars selected based on proper motion, from Price-Whelan and Bonaca paper.">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
src="https://github.com/datacarpentry/astronomy-python/raw/gh-pages/fig/gd1-3.png" alt="Color-magnitude diagram for the stars selected based on proper motion, from Price-Whelan & Bonaca, 2018 paper showing that the putative the GD-1 stars cluster around single isochrone, shown in red.">
```

~~~
{: .output}
    

> ![Color magnitude diagram of our selected stars showing overdense region in lower left.](../fig/06-photo_files/06-photo_12_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Color magnitude diagram of our selected stars showing the main sequence of GD-1 as an overdensity in the lower left.](../fig/06-photo_files/06-photo_12_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
    

> ![Color magnitude diagram of our selected stars showing left boundary as blue curve and right boundary as orange curve.](../fig/06-photo_files/06-photo_62_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Color magnitude diagram of our proper motion selected stars showing left boundary of the region around the GD-1 main sequence as a blue curve and the right boundary of the region as an orange curve.](../fig/06-photo_files/06-photo_62_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
    

> ![Color magnitude diagram of our selected stars showing polygon defined by boundaries as blue curve.](../fig/06-photo_files/06-photo_70_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Color magnitude diagram of our proper motion selected stars showing the polygon we defined around the main sequence of GD-1 as a blue curve.](../fig/06-photo_files/06-photo_70_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
    

> ![Color magnitude diagram of our selected stars showing polygon as orange curve with isochrone overlaid as blue curve.](../fig/06-photo_files/06-photo_91_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Color magnitude of our proper motion selected stars showing the polygon around the main sequence of GD-1 as an orange curve with the isochrone overlaid as a blue curve, and demonstrating thatthe photometry and proper motion selected stars which are shown as green points are inside the polygon.](../fig/06-photo_files/06-photo_91_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
  

> ![Right ascension and declination of selected stars in GD-1 frame after selecting for both proper motion and photometry.](../fig/06-photo_files/06-photo_93_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Phi1 and phi2 of selected stars in GD-1 frame after selecting for both proper motion and photometry showing that with this selection the GD-1 stream is now clearly visible.](../fig/06-photo_files/06-photo_93_0.png)
```
